In this lecture we will learn what sh t m l is.
Recall that H T M L stands for HyperText Markup Language Exige TMLC answer extensible HyperText Markup
Language.
Sh t m l is a combination of h t m l and maximal.
The reason that x h t m l is used is because it forces the programmer to use exact and flawless syntax
in order for the code to be run.
HDMI is a very lenient language and that code that has some mistakes will still work a lot of the time.
However there are situations where some devices such as smaller mobile devices may not have the computing
power to still run with these issues present in the code.
If you want to have quality code that is both backwards and forwards compatible with each DML Exige
TMI was a solid choice that allows you to take advantage of X-amount features like being able to be
rendered by Will SML enabled browsers the ability to utilize tools and applications that rely on the
SML document object model and the quality standards associated with SML in the next lecture.
We will learn about SH TMLC syntax.